README.md, before:

# Portfolio v4 — P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair

This is the personal portfolio of **P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair**, a Design Engineer exploring the intersection of AI, interface design, and human-centric technology.

This site is built with **zero external dependencies** (no React, no Tailwind, no frameworks)—just pure, high-performance HTML, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript.

## ✨ Features

### 🎨 Design Engineering
- **Unified Design System**: A custom-built CSS framework based on CSS Variables for typography (`IBM Plex Sans` + `JetBrains Mono`), spacing, and theming.
- **Micro-Interactions**:
  - **Magnetic Buttons**: UI elements that physically attract to the cursor.
  - **Spotlight Grid**: A mouse-following radial gradient effect on bento cards.
  - **Scrollytelling Layout**: Text and sections that reveal gracefully as you explore.

### ⚡ Performance & Logic
- **Smart Loader**: A cinematic intro that plays once per session. Returns visits load instantly (`sessionStorage` logic + inline script optimization).
- **Live Local Time**: Real-time status indicator (Online/Snoozing) based on my local time zone (Asia/Kolkata).
- **Theme Engine**: Robust Light/Dark mode toggle with persistent storage.

## 📂 Project Case Studies

All project pages follow a consistent, premium "Design Engineer" aesthetic with glassmorphic cards and clean typography.

- **[Thinkspace](thinkspace.html)**: AI-Driven Interface Design.
- **[VibeKit](vibekit.html)**: Motion & Microinteraction Library.
- **[Forma](forma.html)**: Generative Design System.
- **[Echo](echo.html)**: Voice Interface Prototype.
- **[Flowforge](flowforge.html)**: React Component Playground.
- **[Neonfolio](neonfolio.html)**: Next.js Portfolio Framework.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Core**: Semantic HTML5, CSS3 (Variables, Flexbox, Grid)
- **Scripting**: Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- **Assets**: SVG Icons, Custom Typography
- **No Frameworks**: 100% hand-coded for maximum control and performance.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Anxthu/my-portfolio.git
    ```
2.  Open `index.html` in any modern browser.

## 📫 Connect

- **LinkedIn:** [P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ananthapadmanabhan-nair/)
- **Instagram:** [@a_xnthu.93](https://www.instagram.com/a_xnthu.93/)
- **X (Twitter):** [@A_xnthu93](https://x.com/A_xnthu93)
- **Email:** [ananthupublications@gmail.com](mailto:ananthupublications@gmail.com)

---

&copy; 2026 P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair. Built with code, craft, and curiosity.

Commit message:

Update README with license and usage disclaimer

README.md, after:

# Portfolio v4 — P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair

This is the personal portfolio of **P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair**, a Design Engineer exploring the intersection of AI, interface design, and human-centric technology.

This site is built with **zero external dependencies** (no React, no Tailwind, no frameworks)—just pure, high-performance HTML, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript.

## ✨ Features

### 🎨 Design Engineering
- **Unified Design System**: A custom-built CSS framework based on CSS Variables for typography (`IBM Plex Sans` + `JetBrains Mono`), spacing, and theming.
- **Micro-Interactions**:
  - **Magnetic Buttons**: UI elements that physically attract to the cursor.
  - **Spotlight Grid**: A mouse-following radial gradient effect on bento cards.
  - **Scrollytelling Layout**: Text and sections that reveal gracefully as you explore.

### ⚡ Performance & Logic
- **Smart Loader**: A cinematic intro that plays once per session. Returns visits load instantly (`sessionStorage` logic + inline script optimization).
- **Live Local Time**: Real-time status indicator (Online/Snoozing) based on my local time zone (Asia/Kolkata).
- **Theme Engine**: Robust Light/Dark mode toggle with persistent storage.

## 📂 Project Case Studies

All project pages follow a consistent, premium "Design Engineer" aesthetic with glassmorphic cards and clean typography.

- **[Thinkspace](thinkspace.html)**: AI-Driven Interface Design.
- **[VibeKit](vibekit.html)**: Motion & Microinteraction Library.
- **[Forma](forma.html)**: Generative Design System.
- **[Echo](echo.html)**: Voice Interface Prototype.
- **[Flowforge](flowforge.html)**: React Component Playground.
- **[Neonfolio](neonfolio.html)**: Next.js Portfolio Framework.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Core**: Semantic HTML5, CSS3 (Variables, Flexbox, Grid)
- **Scripting**: Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- **Assets**: SVG Icons, Custom Typography
- **No Frameworks**: 100% hand-coded for maximum control and performance.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Anxthu/my-portfolio.git
    ```
2.  Open `index.html` in any modern browser.

## ⚖️ License & Usage

All rights reserved. This portfolio is designed and built by **P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair**.

- **Feel free to:** Explore the code, fork the repository to understand the architecture, and use it as a reference for your own learning.
- **Please do not:** Clone this site, change the name, and host it as your own. The design system, copy, and specific implementation details are the intellectual property of the author.

## 📫 Connect

- **LinkedIn:** [P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ananthapadmanabhan-nair/)
- **Instagram:** [@a_xnthu.93](https://www.instagram.com/a_xnthu.93/)
- **X (Twitter):** [@A_xnthu93](https://x.com/A_xnthu93)
- **Email:** [ananthupublications@gmail.com](mailto:ananthupublications@gmail.com)

---

&copy; 2026 P Ananthapadmanabhan Nair. Built with code, craft, and curiosity.
